If you worked with your chest for some time you might be aware that you could implement service side
rendering without access.
There is a complete official guide which you can see here which walks you through all the steps you
need to implement to service I render your duets weps and I guess this guide speaks for itself.
Have a look through it.
Does this look easy.
It actually isn't.
I walked through it a couple of times and yes you can get there but it's so much easier with next J.S.
you can't believe it you just create a project which you will see in a second and boom you've got service
at rendering out of the box.
And a lot of other cool features.
So next choice replaces this service and rendering which you could do without it.
That's important you could do it without next but it's easier.
It's highly optimized because a lot of work went into giving you a workflow behind the scenes that does
not just set everything up for suicide rendering but highly optimized all the falls.
You get some optical features like creating a static pre-rendered app something you will learn at the
end of the Chloris when we see how we can deploy our application.
And you got Oracle features like that configuration by folder structure approach.
That is what we use next and not this approach though you could of course do it.
Knox is not reinventing the wheel its just making it better and easier and more fun.